Israeli commanders have been deployed
all over Gaza as the bombardment
continues Hamas says its Fighters are
involved in clashes with Israeli forces
the Hamas run Health Ministry estimates
at least 400 Palestinian civilians were
killed overnight Aid agencies say
they've lost contact with their workers
after all phone and internet services
were
cut Heavy Artillery is pounding Gaza
constantly the Israelis say they're
making the Earth
shake and as residents of one of Gaza
City's refugee camps inspected what had
happened in the night that was how it
felt it's like an earthquake said aladi
no one's paying us attention it's an
execution many Palestinians believe
Israel wants to force them out of Gaza
and they interpret it as a threat not a
warning when Israel's Army tells them
again to move South from places like
this as for the Israeli people prime
minister benjaman Netanyahu issued a
solemn
warning the war inside the Gaza Strip
will be difficult and long and we are
prepared for it this is our second war
of independence we will fight for the
defense of the
Homeland inot the Israeli town closest
to Gaza the streets where Hamas killed
civilians and soldiers 3 weeks ago today
are
deserted the danger didn't stop zela
Cohen and her son driving down here to
bring a picnic to her daughters who are
doing their military service they sat
down in a car park not far from the
border
wire the war they said was about
survival Hamas had shown it wanted to
force them out you can hear the War
aren't you scared I'm scared but if my
daughter here so I go I go where where
she's she's here and you bring you bring
lunch yes to all the soldiers you know
when you live side by side with the
people and you come to understand that
you cannot trust
them so what what what you do what the
answer for that what any other Nation
would have
done much more that we are doing right
now and I'm assuring you much more that
we will ever
do the new phase of Israel's assault
started last night with dozens of air
strikes Israel believes overwhelming
military strength can pacify Gaza but
military power alone has never brought
lasting quiet let alone peace in this
conflict's long history Israel claimed
one of its strikes killed a senior Hamas
Commander Israeli tanks and soldiers
moved forward into the North north of
the Gaza
Strip gaza's visible from a hill in stot
Israel will resist pressure for a
ceasefire and there's another Factor the
more Palestinians that Israel kills
especially civilians the greater the
levels of anger and outrage elsewhere in
the Middle East among Israel's friends
as well as its
enemies now that doesn't guarantee that
the war would spread but it does
increase levels of anger and volatility
in a part of the world that is already
very
fragile Israel's ground war has started
containing it here is now the biggest
political and diplomatic challenge in
the world Jeremy bone BBC News in
southern
Israel in gazer itself most people are
now unreachable the UN says that
ambulances and civil defense teams are
no longer able to locate the injured
after the communications blackout in
Gaza our correspondent Rashi Abu Alou
was finally able to get through to us he
said the north of the territory
surrounding Gaza City was hit overnight
on a scale we've never seen before he
sent us this report from the southern
city of K
Yunis you know communication is very
very difficult in in Gaza since 24 hours
as Israel cut all of the communication
mobile carrier the two main mobile
carriers are not functioning the
internet lines are not functioning in
everywhere and getting information is
really hard and difficult very few
people who are still having
international SIM cards and they can do
rooming using Israeli mobile services
people who close to uh to the Border
they still can communicate and between
time to time they uh post some uh on
social media they also some of the local
radio uh station are still functioning
and they they they were able to talk to
their correspondent in the north who
described what happened last night as
the biggest ever air strike that
targeted this area he said that it was
like an earthquake we understand that
the Indonesian hospital was struck with
an N Strike yesterday the hospital was
out of service for quite a long time
like a week ago the hospital was out of
service because no fuel and was
evacuated but today it was the main
building of the hospital was destroyed
also around chifa Hospital in Gaza City
there was a a lot of air strikes 10 15
air strikes according to people around
chifa hospital they are cutting most of
the roads towards that hospital
communication as I said is extremely
difficult we are unable to verify a lot
of reports about the the number of
people dead or injured but as far as the
health Ministry was was doing a press
conference uh this uh this afternoon
they said about 400 people were killed
overnight but they said hundreds other
are missing under the collapsed building
in the in the
north the BBC's rushi Abu Alo reporting
there from Gaza